README.md, before:

# odata2
Test Of OData4 and Navigational Properties

This project uses OData v4 constructs to illustrate how to use @odata.id to set Navigation Properties during a Object Creation (or POST).

The main Object Type is a Course which has a Navigation Property to Teacher (1-1).  You can create a plain Course.
Course then has two subclasses, InPersonCourse and ExternalCourse.

In the InPersonCoures the Navigation Property points to an object that is owned by the Server (Location) and the @odata.id will create an 
actuak Location property when it is created.

THe ExternalCourse is supposed to represent a system where the ExternalLocation is still a Navigation Property, however the @odata.id 
points to an Entity that is not hosted by the server.

In this example I have created a new Deserializer which is used to take @odata.id objects in a POST and create the correct object as the 
default OData lib does not do this.

I have also attempted to write my own serializer to return @data.id for the ExternalCourse Location object, but failed as the @odata.id 
annotaion i was trying to set was forbidden by the framework

Commit message:

updated readme with note that Gareth fixed serializer

README.md, after:

# odata2
Test Of OData4 and Navigational Properties

This project uses OData v4 constructs to illustrate how to use @odata.id to set Navigation Properties during a Object Creation (or POST).

The main Object Type is a Course which has a Navigation Property to Teacher (1-1).  You can create a plain Course.
Course then has two subclasses, InPersonCourse and ExternalCourse.

In the InPersonCoures the Navigation Property points to an object that is owned by the Server (Location) and the @odata.id will create an 
actual Location property when it is created.

The ExternalCourse is supposed to represent a system where the ExternalLocation is still a Navigation Property, however the @odata.id 
points to an Entity that is not hosted by the server.

In this example I have created a new Deserializer which is used to take @odata.id objects in a POST and create the correct object as the 
default OData lib does not do this.

Thanks to Gareth who wrote a custom serializer to return @data.id for the ExternalCourse Location object.
